Add documentation to repo about which platforms this SDK supports (#2046)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp: supported_platforms.md

# Microsoft Azure IoT SDKs for .NET

> This SDK is tested nightly on a mix of .NET frameworks on both Windows 10 and on Ubuntu 1604. For additional details

Reviewer: I'd call this ".NET implementations", rather than .NET frameworks, since .netcoreapp isn't .NET framework (the whole naming thin

for each tested platform, see the respective sections below. 

## Supported .NET versions

The NuGet packages provide support for the following .NET versions:
- .NET Standard 2.1
- .NET Standard 2.0
- .NET Framework 4.7.2 (IoT Hub SDKs only)
- .NET Framework 4.5.1 (IoT Hub SDKs only)

> This SDK _may_ work with other versions of .NET, but there are no guarantees that they will _always_ work for those 

Reviewer 2: This isn't the right way to think about this.

.NET Standard 2.0 and 2.1 are "standards" not frameworks. A user wouldn't target them. Rather they target a version of .NET that is compatible with these standards and, based on framework loading preferences, gets one of these.

Secondly, if a user us running 4.8, the [framework loading precedence](https://nugettools.azurewebsites.net/5.5.0-preview.2.6382/framework-precedence?framework=net4.8&exludedIdentifiers=) will choose 4.7.2. That doesn't mean we won't support them. My take is that is fully supported by .NET and us.

What are your thoughts?

Author: > Secondly, if a user us running 4.8, the framework loading precedence will choose 4.7.2. That doesn't mean we won't support them. My take is that is fully supported by .NET and us.

This SDK isn't really responsible for defining how framework loading precedence works, so I'm not convinced we need to outline that here.

Author: > .NET Standard 2.0 and 2.1 are "standards" not frameworks. A user wouldn't target them. Rather they target a version of .NET that is compatible with these standards and, based on framework loading preferences, gets one of these.

Would you rather I list the .NET Core and .NET framework versions we support since those are the .NET versions users will actually target when building their applications?

Reviewer 2: No. I think listing our targets are fine. I just think we shouldn't say 'there are no guarantees that they will always work".

The SDK isn't responsible for framework loading precedence, but the .NET framework for the app they are running is. MS supports having a newer app load an older library. We shouldn't make it sound like they have to run an app with the target we have, or it might not work or we might not support them.

That is my point.

Reviewer: The iffy versions here are the .NET framework versions that we support. Technically, since our lib is ns2.0 compatible, all implementations of ns2.0+ should work fine. If it doesn't, that's usually a bug in our code => the readonly dict implementation that we had handwritten, and was broken for .NET 5.0.

How about we call out the .NET framework versions saying that they'll pick the net451/ net472 dll as per framework precedence. Anything ns2.0+ should always work.

Reviewer 2: sure, try that.

Reviewer: Now that we have the below explanation, we can remove this statement. Based on the .NET dll targeted, their app should always work if the API support is available

Author: ```suggestion
This SDK _may_ work with newer versions of .NET, but there are no guarantees that they will _always_ work for those until we officially add support for them.
```

versions nor are there guarantees that we will fix bugs that are only present on those versions.

## Windows 10

> Note that, while we only directly test on Windows 10, we do support other Windows versions as well.

Reviewer: nit: "....Windows versions officially supported by Microsoft."

Nightly test platform details:

.NET versions tested on

> - .NET Framework 4.5.1

Reviewer: might be worth calling out here as well that these are for hub sdks only

Reviewer: extremely nit: should we order these latest to oldest?

- .NET Framework 4.7.2
- .NET Core 2.1.18
- .NET Core 3.1

Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: Cp1252

> OS name: "windows server 2016", version: "10.0", arch: "amd64", family: "windows"

Reviewer: How about we add a link to this in our yaml file as well? That way we can remember to update this doc whenever we update our build agents

## Ubuntu 1604

> Note that, while we only directly test on Ubuntu 1604, we do generally support other popular linux distributions. 

Reviewer: same here as well: "[Linux distributions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux) supported by .NET core."

- .NET Framework 4.5.1 (IoT Hub SDKs only)

This SDK _may_ work with other versions of .NET, but there are no guarantees that they will _always_ work for those 
versions nor are there guarantees that we will fix bugs that are only present on those versions.

## Windows 10

Note that, while we only directly test on Windows 10, we do support other Windows versions officially supported by Microsoft.

Nightly test platform details:

.NET versions tested on
- .NET Core 3.1
- .NET Core 2.1.18
- .NET Framework 4.7.2 (only IoT Hub SDKs tested)
- .NET Framework 4.5.1 (only IoT Hub SDKs tested)

Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: Cp1252

OS name: "windows server 2016", version: "10.0", arch: "amd64", family: "windows"

## Ubuntu 1604

Note that, while we only directly test on Ubuntu 1604, we do generally support other [Linux distributions supported by .NET core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux). 

Nightly test platform details:

.NET versions tested on:
- .NET Core 3.1
- .NET Core 2.1.18

Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: UTF-8

OS name: "linux", version: "4.15.0-1113-azure", arch: "amd64", family: "unix"

## Miscellaneous support notes

> - This library has a [preview version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/releases/tag/preview_2021-6-8) that supports .NET 5.0, but we don't officially support it in our main releases yet.

Reviewer: thanks for adding this!

Author: Someone needed to celebrate your hard work on that feature!

# Microsoft Azure IoT SDKs for .NET

This SDK is tested nightly on a mix of .NET implementations on both Windows 10 and on Ubuntu 1604. For additional details
for each tested platform, see the respective sections below. 

## Supported .NET versions

The NuGet packages provide support for the following .NET versions:
- .NET Standard 2.1
- .NET Standard 2.0
- .NET Framework 4.7.2 (IoT Hub SDKs only)
- .NET Framework 4.5.1 (IoT Hub SDKs only)

This SDK _may_ work with other versions of .NET, but there are no guarantees that they will _always_ work for those 
versions nor are there guarantees that we will fix bugs that are only present on those versions.

> Note that applications targeting multiple .NET frameworks have some rules for target framework precedence, so applications using this library will pick the net451/net472 dll as per framework precedence.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that applications will resolve the dll that is being referenced based on the framework precedence rules. This means that .NET Framework targeting applications will look for the closet .NET Framework dll. In the absence of that, it will pick up the closest .NET Standard dll. Similarly for netcoreapp applications will look for the closest netcoreapp dll and in the absence of one will pick the closest .NET Standard dll. Since we publish the above list of dlls, you should target the appropriate net target to ensure you get the desired .net API coverage
```

> Note that applications will resolve the dll that is being referenced based on the framework precedence rules. This means that .NET Framework targeting applications will look for the closet .NET Framework dll. In the absence of that, it will pick up the closest .NET Standard dll. Similarly for netcoreapp applications will look for the closest netcoreapp dll and in the absence of one will pick the closest .NET Standard dll. Since we publish the above list of dlls, you should target the appropriate net target to ensure you get the desired .net API coverage

Reviewer: nit: uppercase .NET (in the last statement)

Author: ```suggestion
Note that applications will resolve the dll that is being referenced based on the framework precedence rules. This means that .NET Framework targeting applications will look for the closet .NET Framework dll. In the absence of that, it will pick up the closest .NET Standard dll. Similarly for netcoreapp applications will look for the closest netcoreapp dll and in the absence of one will pick the closest .NET Standard dll. Since we publish the above list of dlls, you should target the appropriate net target to ensure you get the desired .NET API coverage
```
